now most mothers who have a lot on their
feet find it a bit difficult to be
animated all the time but clearly Kajal
has some help in the animation
Department today
mighty Raju himself and somehow born
with mightiness but others have
mightiness awarded to them which is what
has happened to Kajal today
congratulations on being the mighty
mother thank you thank you but I would
have to say on this point that I may be
awarded mighty mother but I have to say
that every mother is a mighty mother
especially when she faces every day with
their with her children or child and you
know with all their tantrums and all
their work kids are a lot a lot of work
so I would say that every mother is a
mighty mother today to me absolutely I
have to agree with that and obviously
it's perfect timing because Mother's Day
is coming up and being set up but you
know every mother like you said has to
be mighty but what are some of the
moments that you feel that you've
actually been your mightiest your
mightiest more moments because every
mother has those moments and they've
been really challenging moment for me
I think the mighty moments come when
your kids look at you like you're superb
and that you are super mighty and that
you're the strongest person in this
world and who can drive scary man away
and who can beat up all the villains so
you're Batman Hitler and Superman
superwoman Supergirl all rolled into one
I think I think those are the mighty
moments in your life really absolutely
Hitler interesting choice him to come
out very much so because I think you are
Hitler because even when you don't want
to be you have to be the one who sets
the sets the guideline sets the
boundaries and makes it possible for
them to grow up all straight and strong
and finally are talking about family and
you know various other things
Ronnie recently got married and you are
you know obviously wandering on coffee
with current when that was going to
happen obviously nobody had any idea
about what was happening with them but I
wish how well I wish I mean I wish them
well and obviously I wish them happy and
you know obviously we love seeing you
and we seen
a lot of you lately and we're very happy
to see that in this very fashionista no
no not at all not at all
we want to see more of you and we hear
things about you coming back on TV and
things like that is there any truth to
that at all
oh not right now you know you talk to a
lot of people you keep talking to a lot
of people but nothing has been finalized
and nothing has been I mean I have not
said yes to anything so far so no yes I
have signed on a film and under my own
home production so as I said before that
we will be starting by the end of the
year and that's it nothing else on my
plate so far well thank you so much for
joining us both the mighty Mom and
mighty Raju of course thank you